Docs improvements (#961)
anatawa12/AvatarOptimizer: .docs/content/docs/reference/merge-physbone/index.md

Merge target PhysBones must be children of the same GameObject.
Alternatively, you can use `Make Children of Me` option.

> This component will create a new PhysBone root GameObject and make the bones swayed by merge target PhysBones into children of this GameObject.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component will create a new PhysBone root GameObject and make the bones swayed by merge target PhysBones into children of this GameObject.\
```

> Since the root GameObject is treated as a PhysBone affected Transforms, the number of PhysBone Affected Transforms will be increased by one for each Merge PhysBone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the root GameObject is treated as a PhysBone affected Transforms, the number of `PhysBone Affected Transforms` will be increased by one for each Merge PhysBone.
```

> The added PhysBone transform will not be swayed by PhysBone so this can be a bug of the VRCSDK Performance System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The added PhysBone transform will not be swayed by PhysBone so this can be a bug of the VRChat Performance Rank System.
```

> The added PhysBone transform will not be swayed by PhysBone so this can be a bug of the VRChat Performance Rank System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The added GameObject by this component will not be swayed by PhysBone, so this can be a bug of the VRChat Performance Rank System.
```
日本語に合わせ

Author: `The GameObject added by this component`のほうが文法正しそう

Reviewer: 確かに

Reviewer: 直しました
